See you
------


Esportes e atividades


surfing
surfe, navegação na internet
/ˈsɜːrfɪŋ/
the sport of riding on waves while standing on a narrow board called a surfboard
to go surfing

yoga
/ˈjoʊɡə/
a system of exercises for your body and for controlling your breathing, used by people who want to become fitter or to relax


baseball
beisebol
/ˈbeɪsbɔːl/
a game played especially in the US by two teams of nine players, using a bat and ball. Each player tries to hit the ball and then run around four bases before the other team can return the ball
a baseball bat/team/stadium

ice hockey
hóquei no gelo
/aɪs ˈhɑːki/
a game played on ice, in which players use long sticks to hit a hard rubber disc (called a puck) into the other team's goal




table tennis
table tennis
tênis de mesa
/ˈteɪbl ˈtenɪs/
a game played like tennis with bats and a small plastic ball on a table with a net across it




karate
karatê
/kəˈrɑːti/
a Japanese system of fighting in which you use your hands and feet as weapons
a karate chop (= a blow with the side of the hand)


badminton
badminton, peteca
/ˈbædmɪntən/
a game like tennis played by two or four people, usually indoors. Players hit a small light kind of ball, originally with feathers around it (= a shuttlecock) across a high net using a racket.

soccer
futebol
/ˈsɑːkər/
a game played by two teams of 11 players, using a round ball which players kick up and down the playing field. Teams try to kick the ball into the other team's goal
soccer players

ice skating
patinação no gelo
/aɪs ˈskeɪtɪŋ/
the sport or activity of moving over ice on skates, which are boots with metal blades on the bottom to slide across the ice
to go ice skating
ice skating at the rink


volleyball
voleibol
/ˈvɒlibɔːl/
a game in which two teams of six players use their hands to hit a large ball backwards and forwards over a high net while trying not to let the ball touch the ground on their own side


-----------------------------


Verbos e gerúndios

00:0001:02

Verbos e gerúndios

Após verbos como like, love, hate e enjoy, você pode usar um gerúndio. O gerúndio é composto por verb + ing e, aqui, atua como um substantivo. Veja esses exemplos de gerúndio:
 


I like playing basketball.	Eu gosto de jogar basquete.

I don't like swimming.	Eu não gosto de nadar.

She loves going to the beach.	Ela ama ir para a praia.

He hates doing yoga.	Ele odeia praticar ioga.

They enjoy playing soccer.	Eles gostam de jogar futebol.

I like watching tennis.	Eu gosto de assistir a partidas de tênis.

Comentário Cultural: O que a maior parte do mundo chama de football, os americanos chamam de soccer. A América do norte possui seu próprio jogo de football que é muito diferente do futebol.


-----------------------------

ice skating
patinação no gelo
/aɪs ˈskeɪtɪŋ/
the sport or activity of moving over ice on skates, which are boots with metal blades on the bottom to slide across the ice
to go ice skating
ice skating at the rink


swimming
nadar, natação
/ˈswɪmɪŋ/
the sport or activity of swimming
Swimming is a good form of exercise.


dancing
dançando, dança, dançar
/ˈdænsɪŋ/
moving your body to music
dancing classes

playing soccer
jogar futebol
/ˈpleɪɪŋ sɑːkər/
playing a game where players on two teams kick a round ball past each other on a large field into a net to score points
Is Megan playing soccer again this season?
playing soccer skillfully

playing volleyball
jogar vôlei
/ˈpleɪɪŋ ˈvɑːlibɔːl/
playing a game where players on two teams hit a round ball over a net trying not to let the ball touch the ground
James is playing volleyball this summer.
playing volleyball in a gym

painting
pintura, tela, quadro, painel
/ˈpeɪntɪŋ/
the act or art of using paint to produce pictures
Her hobbies include music and painting.

running
de corrida
/ˈrʌnɪŋ/
the action or sport of running
to go running

cooking
preparar comida, cozinhar
/ˈkʊkɪŋ/
the process of preparing food
My husband does all the cooking.

doing yoga
praticar yoga
/ˈduːɪŋ ˈjoʊɡə/
doing specific exercises to stretch, strengthen and relax the body
My husband and I have been doing yoga together for a year now and we are so fit!
doing yoga in a class

riding a bike
andar de bicicleta
/ˈraɪdɪŋ ə baɪk/
making a bicycle, a vehicle that has two wheels, move by pushing pedals with your feet
Were you riding a bike through the park last weekend?
riding a bike uphill

-----------------------------

Do you like playing basketball?
Você gosta de jogar basquete?


Let's go swimming.
Vamos nadar.


I love playing basketball.
Amo jogar basquete.


-----------------------------

Pedindo por repetição e clarificação
 

Se você não escutar ou entender o que alguém disse, você pode pedir para repetir:
 


A: Can you repeat that?	Você pode repetir isso?
B: I really don't like cooking.	Eu realmente não gosto de cozinhar.
A: Oh, right.	Ah, ok.

Se você deseja que alguém esclareça o significado, você pode usar a seguinte expressão:
 


A: It's really fun!	É bem divertido!
B: Are you talking about table tennis?     	Você está falando sobre tênis de mesa?
A: Yes, I am.	Sim, eu sou.
 

Você pode fazer da sua pergunta mais educada usando Excuse me, but ... ou I'm sorry, but ...:
 


I'm sorry, but can you repeat that?	Desculpe, mas você pode repetir isso?

Excuse me, but are you talking about table tennis?	Com licença, mas você está falando sobre tênis de mesa?
 
 
------------------


What sports do you like?
De quais esportes você gosta?


I like watching basketball.
Gosto de ver basquete.


Can you repeat that?
Você pode repetir isso?



Are you talking about volleyball?
Você está falando de vôlei?



What does she like doing?
O que ela gosta de fazer?


She likes swimming and painting.
Ela gosta de nadar e de pintar.

--------------------------


Falando sobre esportes e atividades que você gosta



